README.MD, before:

# Adguard Home Docker Compose Configuration  

This repository includes an example Docker Compose and .env file for running an Adguard Home instance in Docker.

## What do I use Adguard Home for?  

Most people use Adguard Home to block ads, I personally can't keep up with investigating and unblocking hosts when I run into issues browsing the web caused by Adguard blocks. My home router doesn't support NAT loopback, so I use Adguard Home's DNS Rewrites feature to allow me to internally resolve and access services hosted on my.domain.com. I simply setup my devices to use Adguard Home as their DNS server, and then create a wildcard record for *.domain.com to the IP address of my reverse proxy.

## Trickiness with Android

Getting your modern Android device to use your Adguard Home instance as its DNS server can be trickier than you'd expect. Here are some steps you can take to ensure your Android device uses your Adguard Home instance as its DNS server.

* Disable Private DNS (Usually found under Settings -> Network & Internet -> Private DNS -> Off)
* Disable Secure DNS in your browser (Usually found under Browser settings -> Privacy & Security -> Secure DNS -> Off)
* Reserve an IP address in your router's management interface for your device. Connect it to your network with the Privacy option set to "Use device MAC", the static IP address set, and the local IP address of your Adguard Home instance as the DNS server.
* Disable any IPv6 DNS Relay on your router if one exists. Disabling IPV6 entirely is also an option.
* If none of the above steps work, a non-ideal workaround is to use an app from the Google Play Store that connects your phone to a dummy VPN that enforces the DNS settings of your choosing.

Commit message:

Added info about docker network to compose file and README

README.MD, after:

# Adguard Home Docker Compose Configuration  

This repository includes an example Docker Compose and .env file for running an Adguard Home instance in Docker.

## Important Details

The Docker Compose file assumes you have already created a Docker network called 'Adguard'. You can create a network before running the compose file by executing the following command: docker network create Adguard

## What do I use Adguard Home for?  

Most people use Adguard Home to block ads, I personally can't keep up with investigating and unblocking hosts when I run into issues browsing the web caused by Adguard blocks. My home router doesn't support NAT loopback, so I use Adguard Home's DNS Rewrites feature to allow me to internally resolve and access services hosted on my.domain.com. I simply setup my devices to use Adguard Home as their DNS server, and then create a wildcard record for *.domain.com to the IP address of my reverse proxy.

## Trickiness with Android

Getting your modern Android device to use your Adguard Home instance as its DNS server can be trickier than you'd expect. Here are some steps you can take to ensure your Android device uses your Adguard Home instance as its DNS server.

* Disable Private DNS (Usually found under Settings -> Network & Internet -> Private DNS -> Off)
* Disable Secure DNS in your browser (Usually found under Browser settings -> Privacy & Security -> Secure DNS -> Off)
* Reserve an IP address in your router's management interface for your device. Connect it to your network with the Privacy option set to "Use device MAC", the static IP address set, and the local IP address of your Adguard Home instance as the DNS server.
* Disable any IPv6 DNS Relay on your router if one exists. Disabling IPV6 entirely is also an option.
* If none of the above steps work, a non-ideal workaround is to use an app from the Google Play Store that connects your phone to a dummy VPN that enforces the DNS settings of your choosing.
